Feb 2: Started with idea of a tower defense game, Built map handler Built Waypoint system for enemies. This Should be a pretty   easy thing to do. 

Feb 3 - Jan 4: Finished enemy movement system. Not as easy as I thought because the size of the enemies mess stuff up. 

Feb 5: Optimized code of what I had. I got the preforamnce up alot by refactoring code and removing if statements and bools     that where unneeded. 

Feb 6: Worked on a function to spawn enemies, Learned about settime out

Feb 7 - 20: Worked on and off with the tower placement and optimization

Feb 20-25: Added different tower and enemytypes. Attemped working on a pause system, but the current way of spawning enemies     doesnt allow this to work. Im going to have to rewrite the enemy spawner code. I need it to allow me to spawn enemies at       anypoint, without having to wait for the previous function call to pause all code after it, this is because of the Settime     function. Just give me a time.sleep function plslslspslpplsplsplsp. 

Feb 27: Added Pause System and rewrote the Enemy system. More doccumntation above the function. 

March 6: added pasuing with spacebar, Along with button. Got The idea too make targeting mode for each enemy. (Im pretty sure   I have a fast way of doing this, which might be cool.) Thought of it in english instead of reading. 

March 7: Thought About how to do it at work last night. I rewrote the code and refactored the attack and targeting into two     diffrent methods for readability. 
  Working on adding a button that changes the mode, but with a check for towers that have there own Attack Method. This means   I have to refactor the Missle and the Drone Attack/Targeting codes

  I added diffrent visual effects based on enemy types(pulsing color and things like that). Im also working on a new wizard     set of towers. Such as mutliattack, freezing, fire. Then after that I hope to achieve a support group of towers, adding       buffs and making other towers stronger.

March 8: Finished the first Wizard tower. It can attack th first three towers in its range.
im now going to do te dumb thing and go back and comment on all the code.

  I went back and refatored all the code into its own files based on puropose. (exzample: EnemySpawning is on a diffrent file   then the Enemy Class Creation). Im going back and renaming all the files. 

  Files are renamed, now I just have to comment.

  I Commented on the first 4 files, along with making sure all the variables are captilized across   the entire project
  Along with this, I changed the Wizard Code, and made it only be able to hit towers in its range   alone. Before if only 1       tower was in range, it would target 2 more outside its range. now,   all towers have to be in range for it to hit the tower.

March 9: My shop method is so bad. I went back and commneted on eveything. Made the comments more   general. I also changed some of     the Targeting code, faster, got rid of unsused variables       across the entire project. Finished a Freeze tower. I made a dumb         mistake   of not         reseting the player speed after the freeze time is up. Also went back and fixed alot of bugs       based  off of Captizlation. Dont rename variables kids. 

March 10: Added Ninja tower WEEEEEEEEE

March 20: Alot has changed. Kinda forgot to do this. Firstly I wen back and added 3 new "booster"   towers. these towers boost the damage, and detection of each tower in its range. I thought         attack speed would be to stupid because the towers can stack. that will be fun :). I also added    the wave system. Its not as complicated as I thought. So yea its pretty cool. More doc is added   on the page itself. I also went back and optimized the spawning code, along with the tower code.   Cacheing was  thing I added so I dont have to look for tower position every time the screen       updated. thank you goolge. Im going to now work on adding balancing and waves. Something im       sacred of doing. 

April 4: Forgot that I had to do this. Added a menu, fully functionl. Going to have my friend make me a background screen. I also added a new map, changed code, balanced towers, fixed the wave system. The new map should be easier.
For the future, im going to add some new maps, along with a map completion system with stars. Hopefully Im going to add a leveling system.









